All right.
So we have pretty much come to the end of this project.
You can see this project looks absolutely incredible.
Now, there's one more thing we can do at the two more things.
One is to work on this customisation so admin can change the the title subtitle and the image of the
homepage.
And this concept is something you can implement on many other pieces as well.
For example, you can customize post context, maybe some create create some new bases.
You can do that.
Right?
So this is a very powerful contributor.
I'm going to show you now and then after this.
We just have to deploy the application.
We're done.
And this is something you can use in your real world, use for your self, use for your clients.
Our use for freelance jobs in this is incredible project and I'm pretty sure you learned so much.
So not only serious, you can build many different types of application after doing this course, I'm
pretty sure.
So now let's see what we're going to do next.
The next one is this admin feature.
They can customize the homepage so you can see you can customize homepage.
Now this is something you don't have to do.
You can just write customize because here not only homepage you can.
You can do a lot, lot more things.
So this one technically we did for home base, but you could extend this functionality to create multiple
other bases and control how they look from the dashboard.
All right.
So here you can see what we actually are doing here is we are approaching the images we can pick from
the library, upload a new one.
So we hope we choose the image.
We give it a title, we give it a subtitle, and then we create this information will be saved in the
database.
And that means if we save this immense service in return as Homebase and seven the database, then whenever
you visit home base here, you can use that use effect to force the IMAS phase, the travel phase,
the subtitle, all this information and display here.
That's how this base becomes dynamic.
That's how you can control from the desperate.
Okay, so that's the concept.
So let's go ahead and work on this front.
So let's use the media.
Let's use the title and subtitle this button so that we have this content.
And then we can send it to the back end and we go in the back and create road and control a function
to save it in the database.
And then on the homepage we make a request to face the information.
And if the information is there based on that, we show this dynamic quantity.
All right.
So let's head over.
So here, components actually do not in total.
Let's go to pieces and mean insert here.
Let's create that new file.
Customize.
We don't have yet.
Let's create a one in ten Edwin Customized Jerseys.
And here.
Oh, actually, this one.
Yes, I created this by mistake or loosely means remove this one.
I guess it's good business admin customers and here.
Let's start by importing some folks use state.
Indeed.
I think that's all we need for now is state.
From React.
Then let's import the columns in rows row column.
Input will be using input button and then image component we will be using to show the preview form.
And then we need to show the media.
So we import media.
From.
So we go one step up, two step.
Get into components.
Slice media.
Next one.
We need the context, media context so that we can access the selected media media context from.
Context.
Less media led me in to this one.
Let's not forget to import excuse.
And.
Toast.
Beautiful.
Now let's create our own concert.
Customers still will return
and we explore.
Customize.
Let's actually import the admin layout as well.
We need to secure the space only for admin.
One step to step off components, layout and bound.
Okay.
So we're going to use that.
I mean now.
I mean, just read it and see how this looks so good.
Desperate.
Click on the customize and we have that this beautiful.
Okay.
So we can continue working here.
First thing we want is create a state and we also want to access the media context because when we are
creating this, let me show you the finished only.
You can see whenever, for example, let's say we want to create a home base, the elements for the
home base, the full with images title subtitle.
So in that case we need to access the library and we can just pick the image and that will be we will
be able to see that as a preview here.
So for that reason, we need context.
So let's start for context.
Context, media six media
equals to use state.
So not used to that will be used context.
Media context.
Let's make sure import this one.
Then State.
Konst.
Title
said title.
So that is for the title.
Next one is so title.
I'm just going to make it a law, Case said.
Subtitle.
All right.
And then contest loading.
And the.
So we will be using food with emits said food with.
All right, so that's all we need for the state.
Now we need to create a form where we going to use the input so you can input the total done and then
that form.
Finally, we have to submit let's create this function as well from now and the handle save.
I think we'll come back to this for solid.
Now let's work on showing the front.
First we need to lay out a road column.
Column.
And 24.
And here actually we can use divisors let's import divider from and.
So we can use divider to show the.
Heading.
So here in the divisor I'm going to have a heading
customized home based for this is especially are we creating this from.
To control the home base.
So you had said full with emails title and
subtitle.
Okay.
So far, so good.
Now, let's continue working on this fabulous career for me.